## Apprenticeship bootcamp daily schedule

### Modules 1–2

During these two modules we'll focus on the basic skills required of a software
developer. Your coach will schedule workshops and exercises to introduce you to
the tools and practices of self-directed learning.

### Modules 3–7

During these five modules, you'll have more time and flexibility to set your own
goals. Each module consists of:

* **Kick off:** Your coach will introduce the learning objectives for the
module.

* **Self-directed learning:** In the mornings, you'll work independently on
projects to achieve goals. You'll use self-assigned exercises and track your own
progress. Coaches will be running workshops, mini-projects, 1:1s and will be
available to chat to.

* **Pairing challenge:** In the afternoons, you'll work on a programming
challenge with a different pair partner every day. These form the main thread of
the course and ensure everyone comes out with common important skills like
debugging, working with different personalities, pair programming and
test-driven development.

* **Individual challenge:** On the last day of each module you'll work on an
individual programming challenge to cement the skills you learnt during that
module. As with all the programming tasks you'll undertake here, the goal is to
learn, rather than complete.

* **Retrospective:** At the end of each module, you'll self-assess your progress
and a coach will facilitate a :pill: [Retro](../pills/student_retrospective.md).

* **Peer review:** you'll review the individual challenge from the previous
module with members of your cohort.

### Modules 8+

During these modules you'll work in teams. You'll organise yourselves into pairs
and schedule your team meetings. You should discuss your individual goals as a
team and find a path that allows you all to succeed.

<!-- BEGIN GENERATED SECTION DO NOT EDIT -->

---

**How was this resource?**  
[😫](https://airtable.com/shrUJ3t7KLMqVRFKR?prefill_Repository=course&prefill_File=apprenticeship_starting_pack/daily_schedule.md&prefill_Sentiment=😫) [😕](https://airtable.com/shrUJ3t7KLMqVRFKR?prefill_Repository=course&prefill_File=apprenticeship_starting_pack/daily_schedule.md&prefill_Sentiment=😕) [😐](https://airtable.com/shrUJ3t7KLMqVRFKR?prefill_Repository=course&prefill_File=apprenticeship_starting_pack/daily_schedule.md&prefill_Sentiment=😐) [🙂](https://airtable.com/shrUJ3t7KLMqVRFKR?prefill_Repository=course&prefill_File=apprenticeship_starting_pack/daily_schedule.md&prefill_Sentiment=🙂) [😀](https://airtable.com/shrUJ3t7KLMqVRFKR?prefill_Repository=course&prefill_File=apprenticeship_starting_pack/daily_schedule.md&prefill_Sentiment=😀)  
Click an emoji to tell us.

<!-- END GENERATED SECTION DO NOT EDIT -->
